`Paywalls`: improved installation docs (#360)
RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs: docs_source/🛠 Tools/paywalls.md

# How Paywalls work

## Installation

#### If you already have `RevenueCat` in your project:

> 📘 
> 

> > `RevenueCatUI` support on CocoaPods will come later: https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/issues/3152
> > For now, you can follow the instructions below to add `RevenueCatUI` through SPM instead.

Reviewer: You need to uninstall if you're using CocoaPods or Carthage, though, right? Maybe we should make it clear: 

```suggestion
> `RevenueCatUI` currently supports only Swift Package Manager. CocoaPods support will come later: https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/issues/3152
> For now, you can follow the instructions below to add `RevenueCatUI` through SPM instead. If you already have `RevenueCat` installed through CocoaPods, Carthage or as a binary in your project, you need to remove the `RevenueCat` SDK from your project and re-add it through Swift Package Manager instead. 
```

Also another note that folks might not be familiar with SPM = Swift Package Manager

Author: I don't think you do, but I haven't tested it. But I believe you should be able to link RC through CP and RCUI through SPM?

# How Paywalls work

## Installation

> #### If you already have `RevenueCat` SPM dependency in your project:

Reviewer: Let's make this more explicit for folks who never think about dependencies, how about
```suggestion
#### If you already have `RevenueCat` installed through Swift Package Manager:
```

1. Open your project settings and select "Package Dependencies":
<img width="783" alt="Change version" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/assets/685609/d317fd33-8270-4d9b-9b38-8f5f14342b04">

2. Double-click and change version to `4.26.0-beta.4`:
<img width="400" alt="Configure version" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/assets/685609/33850d51-318d-4f02-8b17-3d82c39a1850">

3. Open your target settings and find "Frameworks, Libraries, and Embedded Content":
<img width="328" alt="Find frameworks in your target" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/assets/685609/af078e9a-4b98-42c6-8ca7-6f79aebdf3e0">

4. Add `RevenueCatUI`:
<img width="512" alt="Add RevenueCatUI dependency" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/assets/685609/c2a3498c-b80d-405c-bdf6-75de927ea58e">

> #### New project setup:

Reviewer: note that this might be an existing project that doesn't use RC, maybe we can call this something more generic that covers that?

Author: 👍🏻  maybe "First time integrating the RevenueCat SDK"

1. Click File -> Add Packages...

2. Search for `git@github.com:RevenueCat/purchases-ios.git` and change version to `4.26.0-beta.4`:
<img width="1196" alt="Adding purchases-ios dependency" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/purchases-ios/assets/685609/18291043-5710-4944-ba12-7d6d83bde240">

3. Add `RevenueCat` and `RevenueCatUI` SPM dependency to your project:
<img width="400" alt="Add paywall" src="https://files.readme.io/9140485-Screenshot_2023-08-04_at_12.08.07.png">

4. Import `RevenueCatUI` at the point in the user experience when you want to display a paywall (see below)

> #### If you already have `RevenueCat` through a different package manager:

Reviewer: ordering feels odd, maybe we could structure this into 2 levels instead?

**if you have RC installed**
    - through SPM
    - through cocoapods or carthage or whatever

**if you're installing RC for the first time**
